Kill me, then I'll see if you have the ability.
Haha, you have no bill.
There's this bitch here
Didn't I take care of you easily?
What does his death have to do with me?
I came here just to hear from you
It's just a black hand back then
Does he really care if I live or die?
Since you're not enough to live for this bitch
Then I'll kill him.
Haha anyway
His beard is of no use to me now.
Is it worth it, right?
You say
What can I carve on your face for a moment?
Joe, Joe, Joe, you can't do this to me
Don't be afraid of me
Don't like it, right? It's okay.
Do you know what this is?
Sulfuric acid as soon as I open it
Splash that in your face
You will be unrecognizable
If you say
I threw this bottle on you
Haha, oops, the Immortal Daluo can't save you even when he comes.
No, no.
Really don't
Why did Ye Feifan regret it?
How can you let the dog go?
Drink it and you put it back
Ye Feifan
You mustn't trust him. You mustn't drink
He won't let us go.
Haoye Feifan
Since you don't want to drink
Then I will let
Instantly disfigured
Let him live the rest of his life with ugliness